QCOM Idle States for cpuidle driver

ARM provides idle-state node to define the cpuidle states, as defined in [1].
cpuidle-qcom is the cpuidle driver for Qualcomm SoCs and uses these idle
states. Idle states have different enter/exit latency and residency values.
The idle states supported by the QCOM SoC are defined as -

    * WFI
    * Retention
    * Standalone Power Collapse (Standalone PC or SPC)
    * Power Collapse (PC)

WFI: WFI does a little more in addition to architectural clock gating.  ARM
processors when execute the wfi instruction will gate their internal clocks.
QCOM cpus use this instruction as a trigger for the SPM state machine. Usually
with a cpu entering WFI, the SPM is configured to do clock-gating as well. The
SPM state machine waits for the interrrupt to trigger the core back in to
active. When all CPUs in the SoC, clock gate using the ARM wfi instruction, the
second level cache usually can also clock gate sensing no cpu activity. When a
cpu is ready to run, it needs the cache to be active before starting execution.
Allowing the SPM to execute the clock gating statemachine and waiting for
interrupt on behalf of the processor has a benefit of guaranteeing that the
system state is conducive for the core to resume execution.

Retention: Retention is a low power state where the core is clockgated and the
memory and the registers associated with the core are retained.  The voltage
may be reduced to the minimum value needed to keep the processor registers
active. Retention is triggered when the core executes wfi instruction. The SPM
should be configured to execute the retention sequence and would wait for
interrupt, before restoring the cpu to execution state. Retention may have a
slightly higher latency than WFI.

Standalone PC: A cpu can power down and warmboot if there is a sufficient time
between now and the next know wake up. SPC mode is used to indicate a core
entering a power down state without consulting any other cpu or the system
resources. This helps save power only on that core. Like WFI and Retention, the
core executes wfi and the SPM programmed to do SPC would use the cpu control
logic to power down the core's supply and restore it back when woken up by an
interrupt.  Applying power and reseting the core causes the core to warmboot
back into secure mode which trampolines the control back to the kernel. To
enter a power down state the kernel needs to call into the secure layer which
would then execute the ARM wfi instruction. Failing to do so, would result in a
crash enforced by the warm boot code in the secure layer. On a SoC with
write-back L1 cache, the cache would need to be flushed.

Power Collapse: This state is similiar to the SPC mode, but distinguishes
itself in the fact that the cpu acknowledges and permits the SoC to enter
deeper sleep modes. In a hierarchical power domain SoC, this means L2 and other
caches can be flushed, system bus, clocks - lowered, and SoC main XO turned off
and voltages reduced, provided all cpus enter this state. In other words, it is
a coupled idle state.  Since the span of low power modes possible at this state
is vast, the exit latency and the residency of this low power mode would be
considered high even though at a cpu level, this essentially is cpu power down.
The SPM in this state also may handshake with the Resource power manager
processor in the SoC to indicate a complete subsystem shut down.

The idle-state for QCOM SoCs are distinguished by the compatible property of
the node. They indicate to the cpuidle driver the entry point to use for
cpuidle. The devicetree representation of the idle state should be -

Required properties:

- compatible: Must be "arm,idle-state"
		and one of -
			"qcom,idle-state-wfi",
			"qcom,idle-state-ret",
			"qcom,idle-state-spc",
			"qcom,idle-state-pc",

Other required and optional properties are specified in [1].

[1]. Documentation/devicetree/bindings/arm/idle-states.txt
